Create CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (#48)
openclimatedata/openscm: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.rst

Code of Conduct
===============

We as contributors and maintainers want to foster an open and
welcoming environment around the OpenSCM project. To that end, we have

> a few ground rules that we ask everyone to adhere to. This code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 a few ground rules, aka our code of conduct. This code
```

applies equally to everyone involved in the project.

> This is not an exhaustive list of things that you cannot do. Rather,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This is not an exhaustive code which covers all possible behaviour. Rather,
```

Author: included

take it in the spirit in which it is intended - a guide to make it
easier to enrich all of us and the technical communities in which we
participate.

This code of conduct applies to all spaces managed by the OpenSCM
project. This includes mailing lists, the issue tracker, group calls,
and any other forums of the project. In addition, violations of this
code outside these spaces may affect a person's ability to participate
within them.

If you believe someone is violating the code of conduct, we ask that
you report it by emailing the maintainers listed in the README.

> -  Be friendly and patient.

Reviewer: can we add a subheading like 'The Code'

   and other exclusionary behavior are not acceptable. This includes,
   but is not limited to:

   -  Violent threats or language directed against another person.
   -  Discriminatory jokes and language.
   -  Posting sexually explicit or violent material.
   -  Posting (or threatening to post) other people's personally
      identifying information ("doxing").
   -  Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms.
   -  Unwelcome sexual attention.
   -  Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior.
   -  Repeated harassment of others. In general, if someone asks you
      to stop, then stop.

-  When others disagree, try to understand why. Disagreements, both social
   and technical, happen all the time and this project is no exception. It
   is important that we resolve disagreements and differing views
   constructively. Different people have different perspectives on
   issues. Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint
   does not mean that they are wrong. Do not forget that it is human to
   err and blaming each other does not get us anywhere. Instead, focus
   on helping to resolve issues and learning from mistakes.

> This Code of Conduct is adapted from the `Django Code of Conduct

Reviewer 2: I think we need to mention here that this version is also under CC BY 4.0 (I think a mix of CC 3.0 and 4.0 can be 4.0)

Author: done

   -  Discriminatory jokes and language.
   -  Posting sexually explicit or violent material.
   -  Posting (or threatening to post) other people's personally
      identifying information ("doxing").
   -  Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms.
   -  Unwelcome sexual attention.
   -  Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior.
   -  Repeated harassment of others. In general, if someone asks you
      to stop, then stop.

-  When others disagree, try to understand why. Disagreements, both social
   and technical, happen all the time and this project is no exception. It
   is important that we resolve disagreements and differing views
   constructively. Different people have different perspectives on
   issues. Being unable to understand why someone holds a viewpoint
   does not mean that they are wrong. Do not forget that it is human to
   err and blaming each other does not get us anywhere. Instead, focus
   on helping to resolve issues and learning from mistakes.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the `Django Code of Conduct
<https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/>`__ and the `Contributor

> Covenant <https://www.contributor-covenant.org>`__. Similar to these,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Covenant <https://www.contributor-covenant.org>`__. As these,
```

> Covenant <https://www.contributor-covenant.org>`__. Similar to these,

Author: ```suggestion
Covenant <https://www.contributor-covenant.org>`__. Like these,
```

> this document is released under `Creative Commons Attribution 4.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this document is released under `Creative Commons Attribution
```

> International Public License (CC BY 4.0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(CC BY)
```

Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct
====================================

Our Pledge
**********

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as

> contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our
```

Author: This is the original text.. Shall we stick to that?

Author: ok, new version does not have this anymore ;)
